Music
Hello, ladies and gentlemen, children of all ages, from beautiful uptown Burbank, Carpentown
is now in session.
Let's welcome to the stage the Game Master extraordinaire, the man with all the hair,
the guy who's right over there, Spencer Crittenden.
What up, Spencer, and the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Wrapping north, wrapping west, wrapping on your titties, wrapping on your chest, wrapping
on your hat, wrapping on your gloves, wrapping with your mama, she's the woman I love, she's
my one lady for life, I love her like a spoon, loves a knife, all the same ass rhymes when
I do my freestyle because I've been rapping for a long, too long a while, all my rhymes
are written down, I got them in my pocket, okay, yeah, this is where I just want to wrap
at the top of the show just to get the pump primed.
Just hit that beat again, all right, so, all right, here's the top of the show, all right,
so you've watched nature shows about bees, you've heard about bees, here's this, here's
this rule you've heard, killer bees, regular bees that you've agitated, whatever, you know,
you see the list of things to do and don't, bees are attacking you, don't do this, what's
the thing, you know, you know where I'm going, because it's the weird bee rule that intrigues.
We all know this, you know it.
If bees are chasing you, don't jump in water.
Don't jump in water.
Don't do it, don't, don't, absolutely under no circumstances, if a swarm of killer bees
are chasing you, and you happen to be near a nice pool of water.
Don't jump into it, because, and then you go, oh really, why, so that's like that rule
like where you're, if you're dying of thirst in the ocean and like even though you're surrounded
by saltwater, don't drink the water, which then you find out why, oh, it's saltwater,
you will dehydrate yourself even faster than if you just don't drink water.
This rule's a little different though, because you go, oh, why, why, why, why, with the bees?
Well, because they could, and they always use this phrase, they could be waiting for
you when you come up, because they can detect the carbon dioxide coming out of your mouth,
that's why they say, when you're running away from bees that are trying to kill you, do
zigzag, wrap your head in a shirt, cover your head, for God's sakes, cover your head, cover
your mouth and your nose, they can track you by the carbon dioxide you're emitting.
Do not, under any circumstances, jump into water, because what, it magnifies your carbon
dioxide emissions?
No, they might be waiting for it when you come back up, but motherfucker, I'm also covering
my whole body with water and like what the fuck, like say it this way, from now on, I'm
sick of these.
Who are you targeting with this statement?
Every bee, every bee show, every bee article, Google bee attack, every bee article, Google
every fucking bee, Google bee attack, you're on notice every bee article, anybody that
has ever written or has ever gone to what, how should they phrase it, about bee attacks
and how to survive them, from now on, before you copy and paste, because I know that's
what you're doing, don't jump into water, just, just, just, just amend it to this.
If it's a choice between water and your house, go in your house, right, you'll be safer there.
In the house.
Than in the water.
If you're in a fucking desert and you're running from god damn killer bees, and there's
of some water, okay, jump the fuck in it.
It's there for you.
I got, you know, you want to hear, I have some coyote tips, you want to hear my bee tips.
What are your bee tips?
You're covering your head with your shirt, right?
Uh huh.
Because you're supposed to jump in the water, keep the shirt over your head, poke your head
out of the water covered by the now wet shirt, you got a bubble of air in there.
I mean, there's a million ways to use that.
There's a million ways to use water to avoid a bee attack, and everyone's so fucking taken
with their observation that the bees could be waiting for you when you come out.
I don't care if they could be waiting for me.
Also, anytime you're ever escaping anything, the thing you're escaping could be waiting
for you at some point.
It's even, they even say could be, which means, I'm going to say, a lot of times not, I'm
going to say a lot of times if you jump into water, killer bees are like, ah, fuck it.
What are we going to play the track is carbon dioxide sting his nose every three minutes
game until he slowly dies over six months?
It would be scary to have like one of those cartoon reeds that you use to breathe when
you're hiding in a pond.
And then the bees all pour into that, you know.
I'm pretty sure that was like a Tom and Jerry cartoon.
That's scary.
I want to see the article about the guy who was in a killer bee attack and ran and jumped
in the water.
And because he jumped in the water, not in spite of jumping in the water, because he jumped
in the water, he died.
He got lost.
If you're in the water and you're underwater and all you're emitting is bubbles, it's going
to be mostly carbon dioxide.
They're going to go.
Oh, this guy, there's a carbon dioxide fountain right here.
Hey, great.
Guys right here.
So, so don't go into the water if there's a house closer, right?
Don't go.
God damn it.
Oh, look at that house.
It's a bee proof house.
Oh, I see some water up there.
What a better idea than the house.
So don't do that.
That's a way different rule.
You're going to kill somebody with that rule.
Don't jump in the water.
What if that's all there is?
I just can't think.
I mean, look, I love honey as much as the next person.
And if I go getting in that honeycomb and I agitate the bees and they're coming after
me, that's already a rarefied situation.
That's not a usual.
What we're talking about now.
What we're talking about.
There's a house and a pond like that's like, well, how often am I around just standing
water anyway?
Or a house in a pool.
But no, we're talking.
Look, we're talking about like you're cleaning out your tool shed and you move a sled.
And there was a bee's nest in the wall and they start, they're Africanized.
So they start going like this fuckers trying to take our honey.
Get them.
And you're like, what?
I didn't try shit.
Just moving a sled, bitches.
And then you're like running.
Like, like if your pool is closer than your house by five feet, okay, head for the house.
Take a couple more stings for the team.
For your kids.
Live to tell the tale.
With your coyote, like punch kick maneuver, let's say that you didn't have house or water
resources available to you, a bunch of bees are on your ass.
What would your like instinctive game master technique be to thwart them?
And I don't know.
I think that we're talking about the wrong problem and we really got to be addressing
beyond bee crime.
Well, you know, you know, they work with those queens.
If the queen dies, then they start feeding the regular larva, royal jelly.
But they don't just, they don't just make for one queen.
They do a whole selection, a whole row.
And then the first one to hatch, she goes and stings all the other queens to death in
their cradle.
But here's the thing.
I stayed at a hotel this week that boasted an apiary 120,000 bees and four queens.
I was like, geez, how did they have such can they have such control over how many queens
there are?
Really?
I didn't know that was such a mathematical thing.
They're like, our, our beehives have four queens and 120,000 bees come taste our honey.
And then I started looking it up.
I'm like, really?
They have that much control.
The whole science of a biology or whatever is, it is, the, the be the queens will live
like five to seven years, but the older ones, they're not as productive.
So a beekeeper, we think they're so cool, they're just like gathering honey.
These fuckers are like the CIA in the fifties.
They're like, they're, they're like dipping and dapping in the government.
Like they, they just, they'll, they'll reach in or the, they'll wound the queen because
if the queen becomes wounded, then the bees will produce more queens that are more vibrant.
But typically what they'll do also is they don't even trust cause new queens are just
as shitty as old queens.
So they'll like trade and buy queens and just import them and just kill the queen and then
drop a new one in there and be like, there's your new queen and the bees will be like fine
with us cause we're fucking morons.
It's like Sim City.
You know what's weird about bees is they're like flying ants basically, whose avapositors
have been adapted into stingers, but they, they don't do that pheromone thing, the ants
have the pheromone trail.
Oh, they don't smell.
Well, honey bees, you know, they, they come back to the hive, you've seen the documentaries
where they do the little dance, they do the little, the little clockwork, like they have
an elaborate geometric code that like indicates coordinates.
Yeah.
That's fun.
It's crazy.
I mean, thinking about the ways other animals communicate with each other is always this
mind blowing thing to me because it's like, you know, even if it's, if it's very simplistic
and basic, it's very crazy, but it's probably not simplistic and basic.
It's probably just impossible to truly comprehend on a meaningful level.
It's pretty crazy that they, yeah, they communicate with each other, but it doesn't, all it means
is like, go get some pollen, like, like all their whole language is just for nothing.
If anybody was looking down at us, they'd be like, yeah, look at all this shit.
They're bullshit.
Yeah.
They love all these memes.
They talk in memes.
But all they're, all they're doing is like moving the oil from here and then trying to
get to Mars, but they can't cars are probably some weird thing.
Like from an outside perspective, it's like they have all this car stuff that's going
all over the place and they get in and out of cars all the time.
I'll tell you what bees haven't done aside from pollinating all of our flowers and
giving us walnuts and, you know, all of the food that we, they've never sent a car into
space.
No.
And by the way, I dare, I challenge you bees to send a car into space and show us what
you got.
I can't wait, like, if this was a cartoon, if our life was a cartoon, like the cutaway
gag would be like, like Star Trek Enterprises there and then they're like having a scene
and then the Tesla comes and just smashes into the enterprise and kills everybody.
Like that's going to happen.
Like I can't wait until our future society is like taken out by that Tesla because we
didn't think about the ramifications of just shooting something off into space.
So dumb.
They say that space junk is going to destroy all chance of exiting the planet.
Aren't the Chinese working on some laser to go blow up all the space junk?
God, I hope so.
There's so much space junk that we have all these astrophysicists that are like watching
the space junk to make sure we can launch stuff into space without it hitting space junk.
Because if we get hit by space junk, it'll all make a chain reaction and cause an impenetrable
web of space junk that renders our skies unleavable.
You know what Elon Musk should have done is maybe, maybe he did.
Maybe he did.
Maybe he sent a car into space so he could put all that space junk in the trunk.
Right.
As this Elon Musk shooting a car into space in a country with a completely bankrupt space
program that isn't doing shit in a world that has a shelf life on it of like 20 to 30 years
max.
The one guy who has a 30 year plan is like, I'd like to colonize Mars within the time
that it's going to take for us to eat through the planet.
Like, hey, you can shoot whatever he wants out of space.
Like, like, like, it's not somebody like easy target, like fucking things like all my friends
like, like rolling their eyes and like, I guess he doesn't care about starving children.
What the, what in the fuck?
You know how many people are going to starve if we don't get the fuck off this whole planet?
Like the guy is like, what is he like?
Go pick up Philip Morris, Jesus Christ, the guy is just a cool rich guy, like flinging
shit into space.
It's like, how the shit else is anything going to get done around here?
You got to throw cars out there.
I don't know about, you know, he made those flamethrowers.
I don't know.
That seems kind of, what are you trying to pull?
Why are you making flamethrowers?
I think it's Joe because he's a Bond villain and that he like, I don't know.
Yeah, but if your joke is that, and then you start like producing C4 explosives for fun
and profit, like, I mean, aren't you just doing that?
I don't think that he's in the, in the sense that maybe we are, I don't think that he's
an out and out, like liberal, I don't think that he thinks that everything needs to be
regulated and, and maybe sat and stuff.
You might be something closer to a libertarian.
We probably have political differences in the, in, in that regard, but the same kind
of hubris, is it like he gets shit done and he doesn't start a go fund me to say like,
Hey, if we all put our hands together, maybe we can pray and get into space and like, but
it's like, he just does crazy shit.
It's like, well, I'll just make baseball hats and I'll fund an entire fucking piece
of space equipment.
And it's like, people buy it.
Like there's like, he, to me, he represents the interesting aspect of like, like, like
when we talk about capitalism's evils, we're really talking about unimaginative pieces
of shit who are cheating.
They're not actually capitalists.
They're thieves because they're not interested in competing.
They're not interested in, um, uh, uh, you know, like actual, um, stirring of the economy.
They want to like miser their money and like use it to just like make more money and they're
like, not even actually playing the game.
Right.
And people who are like, Hey, you know, people are greedy.
People don't want to donate stuff.
People don't want to pitch in.
So maybe if I said, look at this fucking cool thing, would you give me a dollar and then
everyone wants to be cool and gives me a dollar and it raises all this money that couldn't
otherwise be raised by Sally Struthers crying into a camera.
And we use it to then try to further the species before it goes extinct.
Like like I have some, what like Hail Mary or something like the guy does have plans.
No one else has a fucking plan.
Like, like, like the closest guy, the second place plan to his is, I don't know, some guy
we had on our show that wants college to be more affordable.
And then the third after that is a fucking Nazi that wants to build a wall.
Who's that?
I ain't got no plan.
Charles Fleischer.
Yeah, we'll have him on as a guest to defend his wall.
But I don't know.
His theory is that if you build a wall around Charles Fleischer, it'll help, it'll amplify
his voice.
All right.
There was it.
Well, let's bring up Rob Schrab.
Rob Schrab at the stage, everybody.
Yo.
Now down to worship the man that you don't deserve, Rob Chippy Pippy Schrab.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Jeffrey.
What's up, Rob?
Is it true that somebody changed your Wikipedia page to Rob Chippy Pippy Schrab?
Because I saw a little something.
Was it you?
No, but I didn't know if that was a photo.
Be honest.
It was not me.
I swear to God.
Would you know how to do it?
I mean, I could probably Photoshop it if you gave me an afternoon, but that was either
a bit that somebody was doing?
I'm pretty sure it's a bit.
Yeah.
I don't think that's my name.
You don't think someone actually thought they were correcting the record?
Because I don't really know how the vicissitudes of Wikipedia work, because my Wikipedia page
is hilariously inaccurate.
So maybe someone could just go on and change your, give you a nickname on it.
Yeah.
But in the, I mean, look, I don't want to start rehash the argument, but it did.
It seemed conclusive that Rob's a Chippy Pippy, like from that story, like it wasn't,
he got mad about it.
Yeah.
I mean, think about it.
He wanted to try dance.
Try Pat.
Yeah.
Just think about it.
I mean, if you put it under the microscope, I think that it's really, really the only
thing you can conclude from that, will you fucking turn your phone on mute?
That was my fault.
I was texting Steve.
All right.
Wait.
Okay.
Look, anybody else would do that.
He would hit the roof.
He'd be like, hey, I'm trying to talk.
I run a tight show.
I'm trying to talk.
Yeah.
He just texts.
Turn your kill and your mentions off.
Fuck, dude.
I'm trying to.
Oh, careful.
Nothing but order around here.
I'm trying to talk about Elon Musk.
Why do you make flame throwers?
It's a bond villain joke.
I want to talk about a bond villain.
But he really did it, though.
What do you think people are going to do with those flame throwers?
Clear brush?
They're going to hang them on the wall and say, I got one of 20,000 flame throwers
that I think it's cool that that the fucking historical dude made.
I think he's cool that he's making space travel interesting again.
I mean, we used to be so excited about it and in those and then we all got bored by
it.
Yeah.
And we're all like, fuck this.
This is too.
And then everybody's going, yay, we're doing something futuristic again.
It's amazing that the Falcon Heavy is an amazing piece of equipment.
I love it.
You would have done it different.
I would have been scared up watching it because it's so magnificent.
And then just the red convertible.
It's like it's just like you couldn't have picked a more midlife crisis thing to put
in space.
Well, he's going through his midlife crisis.
Thank God.
Yeah, good.
But say that.
But he's like, oh, he kind of laughed it off.
He grew up.
He saw heavy metal as a kid and went, I want to do that.
And he does this.
Yeah.
And it's like, it's like, imagine all the kids going like, look, I didn't know you
could just fucking do anything.
Well, like, like, like, I didn't know space for me.
The space shuttle was like that because it didn't look like a dumb ass rocket.
Like, like it all of a sudden had wings.
So remember them.
They would just be like these dumb ass rockets, man.
Yeah.
Remember that?
You.
USA.
I think the player will come from here.
Don't you agree with me?
Fuck those things.
Fuck you.
They look like missiles.
No, the Saturn five is the greatest thing that humans have ever built.
It looks like a fucking missile.
And you know it.
It looked like a fucking dumb, like, God damn.
It's not a big old dick.
Because there wasn't a Tesla inside it and there wasn't a pool.
What do you want?
You wanted a suit to come out of the I wanted a big bucket of Viagra to pour out of it.
And just fucking just like what what says midlife crisis erectile dysfunction more than
sending your your hotshot convertible.
I know and yes, and he had the fucking belly playing.
I know it made people like space more.
But if you had to make you like space, remember to the space.
So it would have been better if you did not space, huh?
It would have been better if he did nothing.
I would have.
I would have liked to have been in the conversation and was throwing a couple of ideas.
Yeah.
Jeff in the decision.
Well, he might.
He might.
You know, we're we're more within reach of getting him on this podcast than any podcast
I could ever name.
You hear me, Marin?
And now again, we're blowing it.
We're blowing it.
I would say again, I would have sent a instead of the concrete block that they used to simulate
mass for the for the for the payload.
I would have sent an enormous cuff link, because I think that sends them just one, just one
because the implication is we're not ready yet, folks or if if there is intelligent life
out there and they see one giant cuff link out there, they're going to go, oh, the snake
monster.
They're asking us to make contact.
Oh, we're going to link up.
What?
I mean, he's got like the world is watching.
He could have done anything.
He could have opened up the nose going opened up, and it would have been like just a big
but that was wasn't it?
I mean, well, what does your butt look like?
Well, does it look like a car?
It kind of was.
It's a car.
Not a but.
Wait.
Are you pro car or not?
I'm not with me and pro anti you because you cheapy peeping him.
You gave him the heavy, cheapy peeping me.
You're making fun of me.
Can I get you cheap peeping shots at your friend when you offered saying, hey, could
I do this?
Can I get you?
You're the one who started vilifying me in the story about you coming to pick it up and
we giving you a drink.
You were the villain.
I didn't.
I was the villain.
How does a villain give people iPads?
What what what country are you from?
I'm from the same country.
You are.
You know this.
We've known each.
I've known you since you were 19.
That's a rhetorical question.
Okay.
Can I can I shift our target so that we can for once in our friendship know the same enemy
because I met the biggest asshole in the world tonight.
Oh, shit.
The worst server far cry from biggest asshole servers are, you know, at least
they're serving as bartender at Rust again.
He comes over.
He's got a big giant tray covered in like, like shots that look like kind of reddish.
Like, you don't know what's in them.
You know, that's a there's a mixture of something.
It's not like, I bet there are Washington apples.
He comes over and he goes shot shot and he puts one down in front of Waldron one down
in front of me.
And I go, I go, what is it?
And he as if he couldn't wait to be asked that like, obviously he goes and he stops
and he goes like, why is it that people always ask that when they're getting free shit?
And I was like, and I was like, and what is it?
And he's like, it's a fucking apple, apple, japple, crapple, napple, whatever the fuck.
He keeps going away.
And I'm like, by the way, fuck you.
What in the fucking rape culture?
What is this?
How about rape culture?
Herpes is free.
What the hell?
I'm not a materialistic person.
Definitely rape culture.
I just want to know what the fuck is in my drink.
You asshole.
What if I have a fucking allergy?
What the fuck are you talking about with the free?
You're not fucking Prometheus because you're robbing your employer and pouring free shots
because by the way, then he turns down the jukebox after everyone's got the shot.
He turns down the jukebox and he makes this announcement, this weird fucking millennial
twee story about how his mom's car broke down and this is the song that was playing
when it broke.
I don't even, I couldn't even, my, my, my Gen X, like fucking anti-twee shield just
like filtered it all out.
I get all I heard was him talking in this Kermit the Frog voice, like monopolizing everyone's
attention because his giving of free shots was of course tasted like shit.
Of course they did.
I now have diabetes and whatever the fuck he has on his fingers.
I drank it out of obligation to his fucking mom who lost her car.
Worst person, worst person I've met all day.
What, what was the song?
I don't know.
What is a twee?
Twee was a phrase we started using in the, like early thousands to kind of dismiss the
emerging kind of.
I had to look up an urban dictionary word today.
Including me.
I mean, I don't know, maybe not you, obviously you're asking what twee is.
It's a word that people started using to be kind of like every refer to everything Zoe
Deschanel was doing.
Anything you wanted to be dismissive of because it was a dorkable or, or, or, you know, like,
like, like songs that, that, that have toys, ylophones in them or it was like kind of saccharine,
cutesy pie.
And I just sort of like the, the, the, the, the adult, the adult children that were starting
to release like cute music.
The Bjorks.
Yeah.
I imagine twee being a very subjective phrase.
You could argue that Bjork was twee.
But then again, she's also like very, you know, like she's been around for a long time
and put, you know, doesn't just.
You're a fan.
Of course I'm a Bjork fan.
We should get her on the show.
I'll tweet her.
I wrote a joke as I pulled up with church today.
I told Dan.
Dan was pretty, pretty excited about it.
What is that joke?
Dan was pretty excited about it.
I'm still workshopping.
I'm still, I'm still workshopping at church.
I think it's ready for the big time.
Church almost, church was almost beside herself with gale laughter.
No, I, I happened upon that scene.
Church was.
She was, we were talking about Stephen Tyler from Aerosmith and well, we were talking about
the Beatles.
Well, the joke was involving the evolution of, of people like screaming, you know, like
in songs and stuff like that.
And so I'm still workshopping and this is not a finished product.
This is why we have podcasts.
Let's hear you're happy.
Yeah.
Maybe read it tomorrow.
Help me perfect this.
Oh yeah.
They usually add value.
What ingredients does Stephen Tyler of Aerosmith use to make his Irish coffee extra special?
It's worse than when I encourage you to.
It's kind of worse.
What was the original setup?
Well, it was just, what's his favorite liqueur?
Oh yeah.
What, what is Stephen?
Okay.
Let's keep it simple.
What, what is Aerosmith Stephen Tyler's favorite liqueur?
What?
Cripple cacao!
I do.
I'm sorry.
That's, that again is a fucking perfect joke.
That's a timeless.
You'll be telling it to your grandchildren.
You know, long after Elon Musk's Tesla has fucking, like degraded into the sun's gravity.
Yeah, a guy who floats puns like that is offended by our roadster, a space-bound roadster that's
collecting data about radiation and all kinds of spacecraft.
Thank God.
Your job is to love cars in space.
job is to write perfect timeless jokes. I gotta say I heard you tell that joke
outside the castle and I didn't actually hear it properly I just
heard like the what do you call it? The payoff of the punch line. No just like the
the way the band like the way you talk and you were already repulsed. And so no
I had to fill in with like just my own brain based on your cadences and stuff
and so my what I heard your version of the joke was what's Steven Tyler's
favorite vegetable cuckoo cuckoo kale. And then I was like this seems like a
bad joke. Yes because you misheard my perfect joke. No I didn't do it right don't
get me wrong. See there's jokes that last like the Parthenon still stands not in
its former glory but that's eons of time has passed this joke will be one of
those jokes that we will all be telling. Yeah no one's arguing. Yeah I have a
question. What do you guys church hates it. What do you guys think dogs think music
is and do they do they understand that it's a it's coming through a speaker
because they they sit and act like it's fucking nothing but if a dog barks in a
movie they lose right shit. Well I've got like music I got a playlist that's like
music for dogs. I play that while I stretch after my exercise. I play that
like sometimes when I leave the apartment. And I do feel like the dogs
fucking like it. Yeah I mean it's but it's weird. It's like or there there's
like I don't know what it's basically class. It's classical music that has
certain like tonalities in it that relaxes the dog and I would put it on
every time Kate and I would leave so Lolly wouldn't freak out and feel sad
because like my heart goes out to her because all we are are all she has is
us and we are about to leave and and I would put it on and it would work but
then there would get to a point where when she would hear that music it meant
we're leaving. Oh and then she would get she would put on the act get ready. Yeah
she would be like I'll just play a little bit of I think it's it's classical so
it's really not. I don't think. So the music would go on like this.
Kevin Day's gonna be like you can't you play them. Oh Spotify has been paused
because your account is being used. The dogs are listening to this right now.
Sorry. This music would go on and then Lolly would look at Kate and I at the
door like. He's acting. Dogs like really sad music this is the dog of music like
it's got puppy dog eyes this music. I kind of like it I've come to really like
it because I shower with it. This is like the Snoopy go home. This is like I switch from two
fighters to this after after I've ripped my fucking delts after I fucking blasted
them. You love blasting delts. I like blasted on delts. I fucking blasted my
delts. Where are your delts. Shoulders. I might be right. Yeah nice try. Dan what
was the last time you got your big on my big. Yeah when you got your big on B.I.G.
my your big my biceps. You know when you got your you get when you're
when you're when you do you want to know if I've become swole. Did you get
your big on. I'm trying to get swole on the reg. Yeah. Yeah. Fam. Yeah. So you said
but I switched to this when I do my Vitruvians with my weights and then and
then my stretching and I find it calms me down. Maybe I'm a dog. But anyways I'm
just saying like a dog is a dog is there was a dog at the rustic in you know and
it's sitting there and it's like at its owner's feet and I get so distracted
because I'm like I'm trying to talk to Waldron about the movie we're working on
and I what movie can't tell you. Oh what movie can't tell you. I get right over
Oh we want a movie. We like what a fucking. Is it gumby. It's it's as dumb. I
like I'm still writing shit that dumb yes for hire which means for getting
fired a year from now. But I could I was distracted by this dog because there's a
dog in a bar like I'm always I know that someone's eventually going to step on
its tail or something. It drives me nuts. But I was just watching the dog and it's
just like you know I was only fucking music playing and as people talking I
was wondering what is the dog like how does it stay sane. And also if it
understands does it understand that the jukebox is playing like oh that's like a
guy they like to listen to each other bark and then they must be really pissed
like because we're like when we get mad that they're barking they're like I
can't fucking say one thing around here like these people are always talking
well they're not talking they're listening to talking well well dogs react
to different sounds differently like Lolly will there be this car driving
all over the place whatever people are walking down like that down to the
sidewalks he doesn't give a shit. Skateboard. She goes fucking nuts man. She
does not like skateboard sounds when she hears the cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck
going down to size. Goes fucking crazy goes fucking crazy. Here's the dump
truck goes fucking crazy. Here's the bus. I don't care. Here's a bicycle. I don't
give a shit. What is that? That's gotta be frequency stuff like. Yeah but it's
Like we were talking about this like a couple times, you know now that there's like HD screens and things like that more and more dogs
Are paying attention to the screen when it was like standard death, right? They didn't give a shit, but now
Lolli will stare and watch
TV with me and will go
Absolutely crazy when any kind of cartoon dog. Yeah, we can't watch the animals. Yeah, I can't play video games with the animals
No, no, no, and it's not and it's and it's dogs like Brian from family guy, which is a bipedal
He's like holding drinks and he's talking like that. Lolli will go cheese
So she recognizes a non quadrupedal
Screen she would go crazy, but would not give up
Intervention episode and there was a fucking Harvey just starts going ape shit and
uh
Ken Ceeley's talking and and he's like you gotta recover you gotta you don't understand
Is this a problem your sister has you got a supporter and Harvey's like
Like what is it Harvey? What is he? You don't like his enabling and there's like he's in a another shitty intervention hotel
There's a fucking drawing a shitty drawing like just a minimalist fucking like Zen crap art like
Hotel art like idea of a dog like piece of art on the wall. It was like a like a couple lines
You'd use to make the shape of a dog and he's like
When I was when I was editing the Portuguese gremlins trailer for for community
This is this is my favorite joke and it's you don't know it. I've never told it's not jokes more of an anecdote
But I will continue anyway
Lollie was sitting there next to me while we're doing it and there's the point where the the eyes change where it's just like the
Gremlin looking into the screen with its cat eyes, which I went to a taxidermist and I got like
Real like animal eyes and it's just the face going
Like a freeze frame of it and its eyes change color. Lollie went fucking crazy
Easy just went crazy that this this like Bobcat. I think was looking through the magic window at her
Yeah, I told the story on air of that like when I was married to McGathey. She
She she recorded Harvey and then she airplayed it and then she recorded him
reacting to him being airplayed and then she recorded that and then airplayed that and I
And I came into the room because the sound Harvey was making we're so fucking insane
Because it was like he was he was either losing his mind or worse gaining it
Yeah, he was I think he was consciousness was coming
So honey if you keep doing this thing has a jaw that can snap our throats in half
It's only kept in line by its ignorance
So you're making itself aware. It's gonna be waiting for us in the kitchen one morning with
The neighbors head on a plate. Why don't you eat out of the bowl?
What so wait a minute when you say he she's she's airplane
Well, I mean like she's she's was she doing video of him and then putting it on the big screen
Yeah, she's video. Yeah, she had two devices going
Was was Harvey like looking at yeah, he was he was looking at the back of himself barking at the TV
Which had a Harvey on it that was barking the original was you know, it was like enter the dragon with Bruce Lee
Yeah, it was like an infinity Harvey and everyone and the real life Harvey was like progressively going
I am
Have you ever like taken like like a wind-up like dog toy or any kind of like
You know quadruped like a thing that barks or wind up a robot dog thing and put it in front of Nigel and Harvey
I can't I don't remember we I've done this with Lollie like maybe three times in my life with her
Thinking like this will be cute. She'll like oh, what this cute toy?
I wait we got like this dog toy that was like all furry you turn it on and it walks
And walks walks walk and barks like bark
Put it down
Lollie hits the fucking roof. She's just like jeez. What is what is this?
What is this thing?
What is this?
Why is this thing?
It has no soul. What is this?
Why are you doing turning off? Get it away from me. Get it away
Hey, what is this? Lollie could not handle it. I put it out there to the fans to put that to music at some point
Well, it's like it's like it's send that to my Twitter account or to Harmontown.com
Imagine if I brought in like a real pay you top dollar for the robot human person to walk
Yeah, well if octopus creatures came from outer space
And they and the the flying saucer door came open and they came out and they looked at us for a second
And then they took some measurements with octopus rulers and then they went they went
And they went back inside and then that came down. It's like this fucked up like
Hello
From octopus world
My name is Frank. It's like it's like watching fucking polar express
Did you the did Lollie watch shape of water? What did you think about it?
No, she didn't yeah, and she hasn't yet because she hasn't seen it. She answer one
Oh
The fucking dogs dogs every morning going to light a rose every goddamn morning eight o'clock
I get up. I work out because I'm fucking so early. That's the early time and
Did you get your big on same time every morning dash my neighbor's cat?
comes over and
The same same it's got the same cup of coffee. It like hangs out in my yard
Fucking Harvey and Nigel just like these guys like it's just like I
Just what is it like? What does it like to be a dog?
Like they just they are meeting that cat for the first time and each other for the first time every five minutes
Like they're just so amazed that there's a cat in the yard
And they're just like like just yelling at it like are they yelling get away?
Are they yelling get over here like I had a cat and they were relentless
They would Harvey wouldn't leave the fucking cat alone like I it was the I regret it for the rest of my life
subjecting to that I think like I think
like Lolly barks at big dogs and
Any dog that stares her down like and I don't think it's I don't think she's like
I'm afraid of you. So my reaction is to make a lot of noise and and jump around and get you to run away
Because you probably will eat me and I think your Harvey
Thinks he's a small dog. I
think
But but but I know that if I let him out when the cat was there
Yeah, I know the cat would run away right if he came running out because he's a giant dog
But I also know and maybe this is to your point kind of but he wouldn't eat it
He wouldn't like no attack it. He would terrorize it because he's a fucking giant fucking moron
But like like the cat would be traumatized, but he would like run out
He would want to he wants to play with the cat. Why do you bark at something you want to play with?
I think he's confused. I think yeah, I think he's running up and going
Are you a friend or a friend? But you look like you don't you look you're not responding the way you should but friend friend
No, no, no, I think he's class. Let's see other thing. It's like they're the weird selective ability for dogs to be a part of our world
Like they understand almost
Perfectly where your front yard is they they they have like this these weird
They just blend into your world. They understand what windows are they know that they can't get through them
So they just stand there and bark at them and they they don't even ever try to like bang their head against the glass to get through
It they don't forget that glasses is an invisible barrier, but they don't remember what the fucking cat is
They're just like so goddamn amazed that it's a cat silverman had like a great theory about like a dog's perspective of an elevator
Like they've got to think it's a time machine
Like you go in the doors open up and now the furniture is different. What's going on here?
All right, I must be ten years in the future
And I was like that's a fucking Pixar movie. You gotta do that. I wonder if they do that
I wonder what that would be called up. I wonder if they keep track. It's called it's called puppet and elevator and
The soundtrack is by Stephen Taylor
I wonder if they keep they put that they keep track
of
Up in an elevator and all that stuff like we would if we were if we didn't have certain
Advantages we would think it was a time machine, but they're like I'm going up three floors
I'm going up like 30 dog units
You know like they because they you know all those stories about dogs that like they jump out a window
And then they find their way home and you know, they they like they're they're like always they have like a little GPS in their head
So they're probably like, oh, I'm in a box and it's got no windows. I wish I had a window so I could stick my head out of it
What's up with that shit dogs the dogs you put a cat in a car and the cats like god damn it
What the fuck is this god damn it get me out of here? Are you fucking kidding me?
I mean, I don't I didn't want to be in this the smallest space
Involuntarily in the first place now it's moving. Are you out of your goddamn mind?
I'm gonna piss on your face if I can like it's rare to find a cat
That's like down with a with a joy ride. They kind of either go catatonic or they just fucking like it freak out dogs
It's just like I can't believe they stick their head out the window. They're into it
They're throwing them a tennis ball
Like Lolly will look out the window and just be like
It's insane
Shit that would be what is going on here. It's like my legs aren't moving, but I'm running really fast
What is going on? I can't believe what is just down with that?
Well, it's like if we if we were experiencing something that we just didn't understand and it just kept happening to us we would be
Fascinated by it
Yeah, I would be well
I know but it's like it first and foremost
I agree with the cat and the cat's cats are smart to like cats never get used to it
They never come around and go like that on the other hand
It's kind of cool to be really fast cat like and taste the wind like cats love running quickly and cats love the world
Cats love to look at things like but dogs are just like look man
They're just like there's just a weird canine relationship with humans where they're just like I
Stimuli like like the wind in their face like it's a lot happening. Yeah
smells
Yeah, they're they're they're they're watching like they're watching five channels at the same time
So that you probably they you wouldn't put a dog and Elon Musk's car out in outer space because there's no wind
And there's no smells out there. You know, there's a bunch of radiation to which is data. We're getting right now
Would you put data out in space? Sure. Sure. I would data's already out in space not anymore shows cancelled
Wow, so little mic drop. Wow
Rob is doing the he's the he's the Geppetto of mic job mic drop. It's a Mike teabag
That's how they do it in London. That's how they drop the mic in London like a teabag
He's queen does it and you will be able to get all of your pumpkins for free this evening
My favorite part of that of course is the rift what a queen would say that would provoke a mic drop
Which turned out to be you won't be getting your free pumpkins. I'm no world traveler
I'm no geo politician. I don't know what what's going on in England, but wow
There's been a whole gourd crisis
Winston Churchill movie. Yeah, son. Yeah great performance really interesting as you said
It's kind of like well, it's like a like like watching an episode of
Would you say the doctor?
What's the Gary Oldman one, what's it called God the darkest hour I have the screener. I haven't watched it really amazed
I'd be say this is the whole point of every every everything, but I was like amazed at how actually true it was
I don't know what I expected, but like how like Winston Churchill's
Absolute this guy who you've there's a million quotes from quotes that truly you're like wow one guy said all this shit
He's like the fucking Vince Lombardi of
World War two he really had a lot of profound ways of phrasing this shit
And and but and then you watch the movie and it's like oh, yeah, that's all he did
Like he was like he just he just fucking talked
Like this I mean, I don't know what else I expected to see like a young Winston Churchill like vaulting over
You know with Wolverine claws that were still bone and hadn't been infused with titanium yet
I'm impressed in the world that most of the great like actors now are from the adamantium. Don't write in
Continue like all the big actors seem to be from like the UK or the antipodes and like like but we had an American actor playing
Winston Churchill
That's kind of oh, I didn't know Gary open was American necessarily. I mean he played so many like different characters. I didn't know
I think he's
I think I thought he was British English. I thought it was English. I didn't know this
You know, I mean well
John let's let's go did Winston Churchill in the crown and he is a
man he is
American and his mouth is a circle
No, you make your mouth into a circle. Oh, I don't know what you're talking about. It's me Winston Churchill
Oh
The only thing we have to fear oh is being misquoted. Oh
Come on speak softly and have another quote
Stop I know what you're talking about. Think of one of my real quotes. I don't know what you mean. My mouth is a circle
Oh, oh Daddy I wish the church daddy daddy, please daddy
Can you both do the same scene but as Harvey Kytel's
Harvey Kytel can you do a Harvey Kytel? I'll just give it a go. I don't know. I just picked what I picked what I random
I don't think I could do. Just try a Harvey Kytel. What are you? What?
What are you?
What are you? What are you doing?
Do you think do you think I am do you do you think I am doing what you think I am doing?
That's all I remember about him is he's heart of zing now Juliet Lewis
I'm a natural barn killer. I love my favorite. I love Juliet Lewis
I'm at my favorite liner and natural born killers. She's such a great like in another wise
It's it's pretty uncomfortable. I also love Tom Sizemore. I also love Quentin Tarantino
Whatever go send your emails to my ass Bronson Pinchot
I but but but Sizemore doing the scene in natural born killers where he's like he's in her cell and he wants it
Give me Sizemore. I don't there's no Sizemore. There's only Zool. I don't know. He's Tom Sizemore
He's talking and he says like I want you to I want you to I want you to
pinch my nipple and
Put this lipstick on and pinch my nipple. Well, you kiss me or whatever
So specific
I was impressed by your Harvey cartel. I have to tell you that was that was pretty. What are you? What are you?
Can I ask what you what? What are you doing?
My favorite Julia Lewis quote from natural born killers. I think it's from one of the deleted scenes
when they're like
before they go to drug world after they get bit by all the
Rattlesnakes, you know, they have to go. Yeah, there's this scene where I'm pretty sure it's in all improv
This like stone was just like go just jump off the script do whatever and
Julia will Lewis is like, can we get the fuck out of here and get some snake juice killer?
Oh
Snake juice killer
antibiotics
I haven't seen that movie in a while. Would you do would you get do me a favor and do your your famous Selma Hayek impression?
Hey, I'm Selma Hayek
The esclar brothers, it's coming in over the wire or we're gonna come here
It sounds like they're not gonna make it, but I I do want to
It's snowing out there. I do want to do them the service of plugging their
but holes
Hell yeah when I see them again
For too long the scolars but holes have gone because they've had me on their podcast don't people town twice now
And it's great fun. I truly love doing it and they're they're they're good friends in as much as you can be good friends of people
You've you've done two podcasts with but
They're they have a new project. They were gonna come here and they're they're the thing that they were gonna plug is something
We're very excited about me and Dan. It's a documentary about about something. That's not always talked about in public
Feces it's a poop documentary. It's a poop documentary
They got their funny friends
Talking about poop. I think they delve into the history of poop
What was the first thing that could be considered poop? Like well, I made that up poop. I
I was that doesn't stop me from thinking it. I mean, yeah, you know, I think that I mean shouldn't you say
I think I remembered Dan doing an awesome riff on how it might start
No, I remember that being the actual part of the movie. Oh, you saw it as you rift it
But like I thought you're being so you've seen the movie or you've not seen the movie
Oh, I've seen it and it changed my life in the way
I look at poop forever is Dan Dan in the movie
Dan's in the movie everyone you want to be in the movies in the movie in typical documentary fashion
I'm in the movie and I accomplished the rare task of making you hate me more than poop
As a that's a joke for my fans who know that every documentary and I come off like a fucking douchebag
Harmon down the I think it'd be a mistake to make a poop documentary and not put Dan Harmon in it
Exactly. What are the documentaries? Are you in? I was in a back to the future documentary
they used
in over my
Protests is like, please don't well. I'm on camera saying please don't
Like make me talk about the fact that back to the future two sucks
Don't make me talk about it
But you weren't the only one in that documentary that said that I'm I
Well, if that's true, I I know they sandwiched me saying that between like a father and son with different kinds of cancer
Who's soul way of coping with it is to celebrate back to the future to and like a mayor who brought jobs to his town by
Building a back to the future to statue and in the middle is me going like it sucks
Anyways, that sounds like a good creative. Yeah, they probably won't work with you ever again
Yeah, and and also there goes my there goes my pristine PR. What is the name of the sclar poop documentary?
everybody poops
No, that's not what it is. I'll find out right after this word from our sponsors
Hi, this is man. He's gone. Jason
And you like to
fan of the sclars and
And you and you do or don't like poop
You will be interested to know that they're are they work is it are they releasing it?
Is it or are they looking it's a limited release at guys?
We got to get this ad we got to get this ad clean
We got to get this poop documentary commercial clean. So let's just take it again from the top. It's going to be a
Small release
Yeah, that's what I talk the sclar brothers have been talking a lot of shit lately
literally
Didn't have to put literally there could have just stopped it
How would you get that they're joking?
it's
about poo you guys are being very jaded and
Don't you worry about our friends listening to stuff like this and going like how they don't seem to
Support us very much. Remember. Maybe we should not show up. Maybe they should have me on their show
I mean, I I'm sad that they're not here tonight because a I love hanging out with them
Yeah, but also I have a million poop talk questions. Yeah
We really wanted to learn more about the movie and we're excited to do it. And that's the one thing we can't do
Mm-hmm. I agree poop talk
So like everyone in America that's listening and also all the other countries
Spain we should all have to go name name seven countries in Europe. You have 20 seconds
He's not trying
Like being pimped
Name five countries and anywhere in the world
He doesn't like playing by rules if you tell him to you know what you know how to get Rob to jump through a hoop
Uh, tell him tell him the hoops are not for jumping through. Okay, don't
Don't name quite centuries
No name another country. I don't know whether to say
Thank you or
Stop it today. I have known you for 57 years. It's true this guy
I look at my hands the other day and I went Jesus Christ
My hands are fucking looking old man, and they were shaking
They were all wrinkled and I was like what the fuck happened to my hands. What happened to my hands. They used to be so
soft
Wrinkled
I
Started crying. I'm like going what the hell happened. Can you play the dog music while he talks about his hands?
Could just usually because I can't see very well relax
I can't I can't see very well
So I'm looking at my hands right now without my glasses and they look like you know
Looking at Cybill Shepherd on moonlighting close-up. I mean, they're all like, you know frosted glass looking
They look pretty good
I put my glasses my reading glasses my special close-up reading glasses for when I want to look at my phone and
and read what's on my phone and I
Turned my palm on my hand around and I just like looked at my hand and it was just like I
Actually noticed how old my
hands looked
And I said it's it's it's coming. It's it's almost over
It's almost over. It's like you know when you when you take ecstasy for the first time and it's the best feeling in the world
You know, you're just like, oh my god, and you peek and you go ah, it's great. And then all of a sudden
You start coming down and there's like this heartbreak of like I just got here. I just got here and I'm coming down
That's what my life is like right now. I just got here and I'm fading out
The dimmer switch on Trob is turning
Damn clockwise
Check out Randy and Jason Scalarra's poop talk
That's good. That was great. That was that was fucking heavy
You know what you know what always accentuates for me coming down from the ecstasy of life is
That that being the exact chapter of the party where a million strangers burst in and point at you and yell privilege
That's my favorite part of the party. No
When you're high on ecstasy, yeah, it's just a good. Well, no when I'm dying when I've been a laged I
Was commenting on also. It's not a good time to be
Like we we hit it. We hit our peak and we were we were and we weren't ready to you know for the whatever the opposite of the
The up the hill downhill. I think it is
You know, we weren't pretty sure it's not uphill. We weren't ready to we were ready to be over the hill
I feel like I hit my peak like maybe
30 minutes ago with my Steven Tyler
I
Feel like that was that's that's me at Mount Everest and now it's just gonna be a
Horrible toboggan ride down at the bottom
but I was just saying they pull but politically fashionably like partially probably be because of the just population dynamics because the
The younger kids they're like part of a huge shadow of the baby boom
It's like a giant huge section of the population like it became open season on on old people
So it's like you there's kind of like a you hit the peak and then you start going down hill
And then you hear this war cry in the distance. You're like, oh man. Well, at least it's downhill and then it's like, oh
Fuck shit. I am an easy target. I
Thought I could like slide into like retirement like by the old rules
You know, you're supposed to like be a old young white man and like become an old white man
And then you you you hoard your privilege and then you you have it in your little sack
And then you tiptoe quietly to a wagon and coast downhill into a into a little shall I
I might not make it
Like there's a there's a price on my scalp
People know that this is the route you take now
Mm-hmm. There's there's there's I won't call them bandits because they might be heroes. I might be the villain
But there's there's people on the highway
They know I'm here. They're gonna get me
This new purge movie looks pretty good
What's this one? What's it's a purge equal prequel prequel coming up with the purge coming up with the purge
It's called the binge. He thought he peaked he thought he peaked
My hands just got five years younger
You can make your hands young by being funny oh boy, maybe that's that's that explains a lot
Yeah, oh my god really. Yeah, we got this is not good guys. I've got I've always had oldest-looking hands
But this is really skin gets papery. It looks like like like like rice paper. Oh god
Well Schrabs looking at his hands. I think well Schrab though like what you're looking at is the fact that you're old but you're
You're you're physically fit so you're you're yeah look at Jeff's hands. This is different
This looks like Tom Savini put latex. Do you wear gloves? Mine look fine because I have a layer of fat
No, you're fine because
No, this this is really bad. This is not good. It's a lot of paper right you touch paper. I touch paper
I think it really dries out your hands
You moisturize Schrab. Do you use any moisturizer? I try to you guys have a lower body fat
So you're as you're gonna as you grow older, which let me look at your hands. Yeah, they're just it's like a plump like pig pig hoof
Like you can't see veins. Look at that. It's like a baby
All right, let's I got I got baby hands, too
Sorry, they're wet
Let's take his hands free jack. You can't oh you've seen free jack
Oh, that was just on how does it feel like it was my prom seam oh?
I'm calling Pinterest way to go phone. Are they gonna pick up?
Yes
Man Pinterest still picks up drops of calls
Jeff doesn't have a mic
Yeah
What is it one one being a
Never tell another joke ten being the world's funniest joke
I don't think it's gonna be above five
I just want to know what you like when I can I give you a note that'll take it from four to eight
Absolutely, I didn't say this was a complete a joke. I thought of this as we pulled up to the starburns castle
This is just a performance. It's cosmetic. I just I need you to punch creme
I
Yeah
It's
It's I that's the first time when you just said creme de cacao. I didn't that's the first time I was like
Oh, I know what he's talking about. Oh, okay, cuz I was like
Cacao like before
You gotta hit the creme. I think you got a really land the creme like obnoxiously like
Yeah, and even then you get you're talking about what look I think I had a perfect joke
I like I'd say I'd say ten of
all of your
word play assaults on
The public have we did would be did we try to tell the sword joke on on the show yet?
No, no, yeah, we did that well we did this no, but you're you're you're see an enemy joke
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a great joke. He did he did that in fucking sketch fest man. It's a great joke. Yeah, I know
Okay, I'm just saying like that's a ten do it again. Oh, it's see an enemy's a ten
Well, I I love it. Thank you. All right. Let's go around the room that those are the scores of your jokes
What are Rob's jokes? What are what are the scores of some of my jokes rate Schrabbing? I
Love Schrabbing Schrabbing is a timeless enterprise and people think they can Schrab you but they can't Schrab you right and
People are doing some faux Schrabbins. Yeah
No, it's it's and I worked those real Schrab. I don't have a good enough memory and I'm not a good enough friend
But I only remember the most recent one which is the Courtney Cox who's now absolutely officially friends with Cody
Courtney love or Courtney love did I say Courtney Cox? Yeah, sorry
sorry to all
but
this is you think and like it was a Instagram or Twitter is
Where like publicly
Courtney love
Or Cody says like thanks, thanks for saying that
We should hang out and then and then Courtney love replies like yeah
I'd I'd love to do that. We should hang out and then it's just and Schrab going like yeah, I'm free anytime
I don't know. It's just it's just really funny like
That's what I do. Yeah, the joke is nobody wants me around
That's the joke is that the joke I don't know it's not the joke
remember when Schrab became like for a 24-hour news cycle like a famous a
Famous troll just completely independent king of all trolls anything like no one writing any of these articles
knew about anything else the tribe never done a good dip shit, but it was just because kumail
red
obnoxious
redundant question tweets
On on the air that was so long ago
Jimmy Kimmel or Fallon
No, no, no, I think it was it was on I think it was from harm at time
But that was like so long ago. That was like that was like maybe three years ago. Maybe even four. Yeah
Wow, it's before that's a lot of years died
Yeah, how long have we been doing Harmontown? Oh, it's at least five years. I would say I would say so long that it's sad, but
It's good because we've gone through transformations because it's not really the same podcast
I listened to the Cheapy Peepy episode earlier today really insulting. It's hurtful
Really, it's actually really good. I really enjoyed it sad said that you feel comfortable enough to talk to people like that
That's why I'm a little lighter. Now this one will suck
I'm sure because I think that one you can hear me going this episode sex like well
This episode sex. I was wrong the whole time. It's it's like gold. It's gold Cheapy Peepy. It's like top 10
Top 10 stop saying episode. Yeah, we can't follow Cheapy Peepy episode peepee with music for dogs
No, this has been awful probably because I'm in high spirits. I don't know there might be something
Maybe I need to be an Abbott, you know, maybe that's my thing. I'm complaining the whole time. I'm like, oh, you guys are picking on me
I hate you. I'm annoyed with you. I wish I wish my podcast was better
You know, like maybe my lot in life is just to be miserable. I don't know. Maybe what I'm happy. I think
Or my therapist says Dan when you're certain you're in trouble Dan Harmon
You're better off not being certain
That's when you excel when you don't know things when you're confused people need you to be
Uncertain you not everybody you
Dan when you're certain
Like every time you think you know something for sure just stop
Just go soak your head in a bucket and you were like, how much does this cause I?
Think it's two dollars. I thought it was great advice
Although it's not really a place to follow because when I'm certain of something
I'm like, I don't need to follow that advice of this situation. I'm certain of it
Like I can't really follow right. Well, that's why she's telling you but I always do realize that she's fucking right
Like I look back and I go yeah, there you were you've you've definitely thought you knew what the fuck you were doing
It's like you're just gonna speed that up like the Mobius strip of your dry erase board advice to your high self
Yeah, you you can't listen to hi Dan. Hi Dan knows what he's talking about
That's a deep cut reference what
Remember Dan's office back in the Commonwealth apartment and I had a note on my whiteboard and it said
Dear hi Dan or no dear non high dear not hi Dan
Don't get high
It makes you feel like you're having a heart attack
signed hi Dan and
Then Jeff saw it while we were getting high. He's like, what's this as a note. I wrote well
Well, hi a and to remind myself. He's like, but we're getting high. I was like, well, I'm not gonna listen to this guy. He's hi
Yeah, he's acting all you still have heart palpitations when you smoke the the fucking gonj well the advent of
vape pens vape life
Ah, so so it's really controllable. It was the paper that was no, I think it's just and I think it's just in general like
It's it will grown weed is
That's rolled into a thing and it's a herb
As as opposed to a cartridge you buy from a fucking 7-eleven
That's like that's all the same oil like I just think I've learned I still everyone's well
I get too high if I get too high for 20 minutes
I'll they check my pulse because that way if my pulse stops I'll go go. You'll be the first to know first to know
Have you ever read anywhere
Online in a book
Meltkarten what have you of somebody having a heart attack because of of gonj
No, I mean like the fatality the faith that's like that's the running joke with weed or not running joke the fact that we joke
About it sit down. There's no no one dies from fucking weed
You you'd have to you have to you'd have to suffocate in it
You'd have to be dropped into a silo full of weed
No, it doesn't it's it
Is high I think it's what people it took me a long time to realize that that's what older guys when I was younger
And they would say I can't smoke weed as much anymore
It makes me paranoid right and I always thought they meant I would always be like the police are coming
Yeah, can't you just not know the police are coming or know that the police aren't coming because I thought paranoia meant like hallucinations
Like but I think paranoia is just like a catch-all phrase that means
Something's wrong for me. It doesn't mean the police are coming like when I'm super high and I'm like driving around
Anytime I see anyone on the phone
I think they're talking to everyone else I see on the phone
And I think they're all talking to be about me and talking to the government and stuff
I'm not the mr. Show sketch when they did they see you're really odious really order from the end of
Was it good fellows? Yeah, the mister show show sketch when they had that the lidsville or whatever
What was the the I can't remember the thing in the HR puff and stuff sketch and then there's a state of drug
It's just like and then and then David Christ is the little boy going like what's let's just order a pizza and
Like oh, I can't do that man
Kenny's like they'll know
Everybody hates them know that we want a pizza
I declare this pizza to be
awesome
That's a great
That's amazing. Okay. This just popped completely random in my head and
Well, this is no place for that. Okay
and
I want to state this I want to start this off because I saying I'm not racist. I'm getting out right now. I
am a huge like nightmare in Elm Street fan and I love like the scream franchise
I think West Craven is brilliant. I think he's very very funny and I we miss him
He's rest in peace West Craven. But do you remember?
the time
Like it was it was like early days like early
Aughts or whatever. I met with West Craven's people. I got a call UTA calls and goes hey West Craven
Yeah, do an animated series. Yeah, I remember an
An animated series and I like what that sounds amazing. He wants to do like oh like a horse
Yes, he wants to do it like a horror animated series. That's like it's fucking great
What it's got to be like something like creep show or some kind of you know, like kind of easy comics
It's animated. It'll be violent. It'll be cool. This is dry. This is exactly what I want to be doing
This will be super fucking cool
I gotta do this and I go there and West Craven's not there. I'm meeting with some guy there
Who's a delightful person, but he goes okay? Here's the pitch
West Craven when he's not making
Horror movies is going out and fighting monsters in
Buffy the vampire slayer ask adventures
And I was and it's called the West Craven Chronicles
He plays animated series about it West Craven himself going out and West Craven being buffing director. Yes
Animated killing them killing vampires and they had
Art
I could draw it if I knew how to draw I could because I can picture it so clearly and there's like this kind of Batman the animated series
version of West Craven
fighting a Yeti and
And he's he's got like the salt and pepper beard and the hair it's like back and this kind of like
like
Intelligent look on his face fighting like a mummy and then he's fighting like and I'm like and I'm and my brain is going
And I'm going
Okay
What's this oh
There he is again as a West Craven fighting an alligator person
That's great. That's great. So it's this is this is this is this is a guy. This is guy
You got this so so and he's he's he wants to do this. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
Yeah, we put it to like West is totally into it. What's the idea?
Could I
It just would help me put together like, you know a pitch or whatever
And then just like a calm walk
Thank you very much. I'll just be going out. You're gonna go already. Yeah, I got ideas
I got to just I got to go take care of it
but
Open up the door and close it and it just like see Charlie Chaplin fast-forward me run to the car
Dan opens up. He's got a bathrobe and a coffee mug that says kiss me on Monday and
Just
Ferris Bueller like
Sit the fuck down you got to hear this story and look at this visual aid
I am not gonna live this alone
This is the reason we're friends and it was like insane and I was so
Broke as fuck. I was so broke that I went I I said I'm in let's do this and I you know
And they were like well West Craven likes
Crossword puzzles, so we think
And he's also a bird watcher, so if you can get that in there, too, and I'm just like
Yes, and I'm like writing it and writing it right
Those last two details up or is that for real? It's for real the crossword puzzle, but the bird watching bird watch. Oh my god
I remember the crossword puzzle because I was like whoa
And and then and then at one point was this it was this West Cravens idea or they're pitching it
Their idea because I never once in this whole thing never got to meet West Craven and
Which is sad because I I'm a huge fan. I think he's brilliant. I got the
Impression towards the end that this guy
Was not an executive. He was like an up-and-comer or whatever had an idea. I said let's put two and two together
let's just do this and
and
And West was like yeah sure whatever well, yeah, I mean why say no
But people some people say how did this get made or how does it like why is Hollywood so plastic or what why does this happen?
Oh, the thing is the answer is why say no, why would you ever say no? It cost nothing to say yes, right?
It cost nothing to say no and says cost everything to say yes, but well, okay, but I was saying the opposite
I'm just saying like you're
You could ruin your career by saying no to the wrong thing
You can't ruin your career by saying yes to the wrong things until it comes to the point where because everything dies anyway
So if you're West Craven and your assistance assistance assistance vice president of assistance is saying like oh, yeah
And also as a thing I want to do is like it's you and a crossword puzzle and fighting a mummy
You just you just you just say the fastest route to the end of the phone call
You don't pull over your car and go now hold on a second
I'm West Craven and I'll be god damned if you're gonna be interested in me and keep making projects about me for no money
Well, I drive my car around you just go. Yeah, bye
Right bye. I'm busy doing sounds great sounds great
Love it and everyone and then every conference call the trickles down for there. I was like love it. Love it
Love it. Love it. West love like the crossword puzzle and the bird-watching thing sounds like his pitches. No, no
No, that's definitely no, that's his underlings sucking up to him. That's someone being like I am nailing this and they're
Yeah, which oddly I want to say don't you think now are you revisiting this right now on this stage and thinking actually now?
post Netflix post mind hunter post garb for post post just everything golden age post golden age post like
Actually Mike Tyson mystery. Yeah, like like like why not west you would have to lean into post Rick and Morty
Fuck it. You would have to lean into it where there would be constantly people like going
West Craven, how do I know that guy? Ah, I'm a director. What did you do?
Oh, I think I think I don't think well you're talking about the consumers perspective
I don't think so. I think he's like he's like Stephen King or whatever. It wouldn't matter be like West Craven
You're like, I know those words. It's like Kleenex or something. I don't know
I think you know the average person doesn't know what he looks like enough that if you saw a caricature of him that you would go
West Craven. No, no, no, you don't need to it's a carrot. Fuck the caricature. No the name. That's it
That's all you start with and then it's that's why you step on the gas of the caricature when you do a receding hairline at a gray
beard and you you you you lean into it
He's like doctor who like doctor who doesn't have to fucking like be sexy and cool
He's just like like that's the thing is like okay crossword puzzles bird watching which is interesting because that's ultimately what what the doctor is
Right. He's West Craven. He just goes around and he's it's a cool name
And it's like it kind of sells itself these shows call doctor who he's the characters the doctor
but
But back then it was fucking ludicrous because it I still think it's pretty fucking well
Also, you know that if tomorrow if West Craven was alive and because I know this because I've done these fucking projects where you go
Like somebody goes like oh my god
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna do a pretensi name
That's like equivalent because I don't want to get in trouble by naming names, but like sorry like Garth Brooks loves
Community Rick and Morty whatever and you go like and he went he and he also loves animation because his kids an animation
You go fucking all right like look I have an animation studio look
Tell you what Garth Brooks is an agent for the government
He is that like when the government has something that needs done that no one also do he calls Garth they call Garth Brooks
It's it fucking sells itself. It's hilarious. The person's recognizable doesn't matter. I'll do it. You do it with anybody
It doesn't matter. It's like Mike nice. It's like then it's all execution dependent
The shows good or it's not like like fucking who cares and that but then the crazy thing that always happens is you go
Here's your one sheet. Here's your free labor. Here's your fucking drawings
I hired talented people to draw Garth Brooks. This is a fake example
But it's like the real the real one is like fucking mind-boggling
Toby Keith
The I drew your fucking irrelevant country Western ass like like like as an action figure looking awesome
And I had people write up all of this is free labor fucking handed to you on a silver platter
Bring bring a phone call for you
Garth Brooks is assistant and Garth Brooks is lawyer and Garth Brooks is agent Garth Brooks is family and if Garth Brooks is a
foundation and Garth Brooks is
Taxidermist would like to talk to you
Is Garth Brooks on the line? No, he is not but
Jenny is Richard
I don't know I don't get just don't get distracted. Don't get distracted. I'm a little drunk. I'm a little drunk
They all get on the phone. I was like, hey, yeah, what's going on? You got Garth Brooks fight in the Loch Ness monster
That's just not the Garth Brooks style. I don't know if you're from this is Garth Brooks style is talking
I'm Sheila Henderson Garth Brooks doesn't fight the Loch Ness monster young man, and you're like this is unbelievable
I'm 40 and
You should be so grateful
That I of what I gave to you because I could cut the head off and replace it with a pop singer and
And I'm going to and I did and then they sucked too, but it's like like what are you?
The voice craven thing works fine. He's a
Crossword puzzles. He's got a fucking hate yet easy. He's gonna go hunt him. Who cares. Just let me make a show
Just let me make it. What are you waiting for a good idea for a show in your mind? You're a fucking idiot
Why do you think that TV needs to sound like a good idea before you let it get made you suck?
You don't make TV. You watch it. Yeah, why are you in charge? This is insane?
Just give me TV money. I'll make a good TV show. I
Tend to
They're gonna rip that out of context. Yeah
Again, I ask our fans to add that to the original music thing that Rob
Put that under if you're out there and you're fucking like, oh, you know what?
I'm a manager of so-and-so and I got a thing to be in mind
I think I could put you in touch with Death Metalhead and the Johnson and fucking one of six
Just take your fucking silver platter if I come into the room if you got me in a conversation
You're gonna get a good show about your fucking goddamn musician. Yeah, you don't care about this shit anyway
Otherwise, you'd be making about it making it you care about fucking fruit infused waters and shit
And we aren't talking about that. So let's get out of here
In
We're not talking about that. We're not talking about
Food that's what their water is kind of amazing that people sit around in rooms
They go like yeah, I don't think mr. Potato Head would do that go fuck yourself
Yeah, I don't know what the fuck mr. Potato Head would do. I don't think
Ticonderoga man would uh
Would be that sharp. I'm a storyteller. I know exactly what mr. Potato Head would do he'd asked the question
Who am I my face keeps changing and half of it's in my ass
What's what's the what's the meeting with the goddess in the mr. Potato Head movie? He finds out he can be Mrs.
Potato Head like like like there is no fucking difference
It's a goddamn fucking anthem to the non-binary identity like it's fucking like like that's it
You know, yeah, and now fucking Coleco or whoever
Dumps that plastic shit into our children's faces is gonna be on the phone tomorrow
I'm gonna spend nine minutes. It's gonna go. We love it. We love it
We're gonna run out of ways to joke about it because we're just gonna do all the joking references
Seriously, the original mr. Potato Head's actual potatoes, right? There were things that you could there were little add-ons
You could just take a potato. Yeah, they and then they made the potato plastic
But but but early days it was a real you would like your own there was a mustache and an eyeball and a hat
Put it on a real potato. Yeah on a real potato, and then they then they've plasticized their potatoes
Yeah, well, they had already I mean unless the original shit was made out of potato
I don't even give a fuck. I'd applaud the the step up to a fake potato
Well, it's a step up to selling you a fake because they're not getting any of that actual potato money. Yeah
They're like we're letting these people fucking
They would like go to like a swank parties or that there's a guy singing it's like if you're blue when you don't know
What to do ten you got a gold potato party and I like that it was like
Uh, Howard Howard Lancashire of the third from Coleco price
Meet Howard Hughes who's on his arm. Oh miss Mellon Monroe. She looks like she's having a good time
That fuselage could use some tweaking
Uh, and look who's there. Oh if it isn't old writer the potato magnate
Looks like he's got murder in his eye
Could it be because half of the money from mr. Potato head sales goes to the potato
Because I finished something guarantee the like why are we letting big potato make all this money off of our thing
Yeah, and the biopic de caprio is playing the fisher price guy. He's like look at that smug fuck
Over there by the punchball. What are you talking about?
He's so fake. He's so plastic. What a fake plastic potato. No, he's the potato guy's over there
He's like right the potato guy stealing all my fucking money. He's so fake. I made that fucking schlub
Make food worth what it is today
He's his girlfriend Samantha hasbro who he just started dating. It's like, why don't you just make the potato plastic too?
Hey, shut up. I don't know
After she says he's so fake. He's so
Plastic trailer that's in the trailer. Yeah, he slaps her and she falls down the stairs and then while she's in the hospital
Uh, the doctor explains that they'll have to do surgery to reconstruct her face
And then he's like I have an idea
And it's her idea
We're gonna have to take some of your butt and put it on your face
In order to fix it. The only way to fix her is to put her lips onto her ear
And put a hat on her chin. We're gonna have to take it off. And then she's gonna have four noses on the side of her nose
Oh doc doc. You're saying you're gonna put hair on her head. You're gonna put a hat on her head. Which is it?
We can do anything. Human heads are basically like your potato products. It all comes out of the butt
Trailer I'll be right back. All right
Get them
Fuck
It wasn't that big of a jump
Well, it'll be interesting to find out if this is a worse
podcast than a Cheapy Peepy. I'm a big fan. Cheapy Peepy.
How can it be worse? We had more Cheapy Peepy per this
podcast than we have as podcasts. This has been a
Cheapy Peepy. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. We'll see.
I don't know. I think it's going to turn out that my happiness
is linked to the show's failure. That's just my cynical
theory. Could be right. I think we'll find out that my hubris
over my Steven Taylor joke might have made the joke less
funny. We'll see what happens. What time is it? I'm glad I
showed up. I wasn't supposed to be here, but I was. Well, you
have to come in because you're Garry Shandling in the D&D. Let's
bring up Steve Levy. Steve Levy. Oh, yeah. You gotta love it
or leave it. He shaved his face. Looking good with a Robin
Hood sweater. Robin Hood sweater. And he shaved his face.
Why are you moving? That is very close to you. I mean, I'm fine
with that. Oh, and one of the segments that I loved most of
all was the snuggling. Remember the snuggling? Oh, yeah. Oh,
yeah. Yeah, that's hard to top because that that that things
went to an emotional level. It made me want to go like, oh, we
have a regular segment. Like if if if somebody comes on, you go
like, you got to snuggle with Steve Levy, Steve Levy, and he
asks you what's your biggest fear? Right? Why don't you snuggle
with leave you right now, Dan? Why don't you me? Yeah, why
don't you? He doesn't have any. He doesn't have any emotions. I
don't know as a friend as a friend. I'm telling you that
sounds exactly like a friend as a friend. Oh, is that what a
friend is? You fucking give me a moniker like that. They're
Wikipedia's fucking jumping on my job. You've been writing my
job all month, man. Fuck off. Chippy peepees a better thing.
Oh, that's what a friend would do. That's what a friend would do.
A friend would would say he's emotional as fucking call me
Cheapy Peepy asshole. Sucker, dick, liquor, ball,
Satisfy or fuck face. You fucking beards full of dicks. I
can hate you. Is that the show title? Beard full of dicks.
He's hiding dicks in his beard. It's either that it's either
that or kiss me. I'm Monday. Kiss me. I'm Monday. But it
needs to be your beards full of dicks. Not not beard full of
dicks already. Giving me notes.
Well, it should have been. I'm not a Cheapy Peepy. Instead,
you you made it Cheapy Peepy. Oh, me. You look at me. I
don't know who makes the titles. Who chooses the titles?
Well, sure, not fucking me. Who picks it? Chris? Who chooses?
Okay, well, I remember. I remember. Oh, so it was
done. Corrected the spelling. I said it should be Cheapy Peepy
but spell it like this. But I didn't made up word spelled
right. Oh, wasn't there something on this exact same
issue? What was it? What was the word? There's a made up word
that Dan was insisting was spelled wrong and Rob was
getting mad about it. Friend. It could have been emotions.
Might as well. I'm not an emotionless person. No, you are.
As a friend, I'm just saying you're great. Well, or more as a
non friend. You're just lying. No, like, leave the other
possibility. I know you longer than anyone. Would you assume
cuddle position? Just just take an experiment and see how this
works. Yeah, show us. Oh, what? It's gonna. Yeah, let's bring
up the emotion. They're gonna. He's a fucking asshole. Oh,
boy. Here, play the play the. I can play it. How are you
gonna? Spencer, how you doing? Play dog music. I'm great. You
know, it's your birthday this week. No. Oh, sorry. Give me
the dog music and I'll play it to your phone. Dan, we want
dogs. Dog songs. Dog songs.
Yeah. Leavey and Dan are now assuming a cuddle position.
How you doing, Dan? I haven't seen you all week. Well, it's nice
to see you. It's nice to see you too. Did you have a nice time
away? Yeah, it was good, but you missed Cody. I did, but I
guess not enough. Like we kind of like she felt like I wasn't
connected enough while she was gone. Oh, I'm sorry to hear
that. I was proud of you working out though. Thank you. You went
up in your in your in your weightlifting. I was good. I'm
worried that none of this is flying in the face of Rob's
allegations of my emotion. Ask him. Ask him what he's afraid of.
Dan. Yeah. What's your biggest fear? Spiders. Arachnophobia.
Spiders. I wouldn't be afraid of Arachnophobia. Spiders.
What's what will kind of spiders? Fast ones. What are you
afraid they're going to do to you? Run up my arm and
claw it all in my ear and lay eggs or cover my face. Just bite me
all over my face. Yikes. What are you afraid of with spiders?
Well, I don't know that I am afraid of spiders. Really? I kind
of invite them to jump on me in the off chance. They're
radioactive. Take this seriously. Yeah, it feels like this is
a big fucking game to you. You know, I don't want to be
snuggled by a goddamn performer. He seems sincere and then
it just comes out. It's all a fucking joke. Why don't you get
down behind Steve and let's get a little. That's the only way
this is ever going to fucking work. It's weird how I'm
accused of being emotionless, but really what I am is a
fucking stud finder for human emotion. Like I detected your
artifice. You're snuggled with you and you're a fucking
rude. You just found another stud.
Fuck Steve Levy in the butt.
What's your greatest fear, Steve Levy?
Oh my god, you're so beautiful.
I smell so good.
Oh god, you feel me, throbbing your ass.
Oh god, you're listening to the podcast. Let us know how this
translates.
Schrab is thrusting a little bit. I can't. I can't. I can't do this.
I can't do this anymore. I can't do this. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus.
Yeah, yeah, Dan, you suck. Well,
this didn't work. You didn't do it right. I was there two
seconds and I went there and back again. I've seen Dan
pretty emotional before. Yeah. Yeah, tell him about it.
Lots of different times. I mean, at one time, the hard drive
didn't work really the way it was supposed to. I mean, he's a
guy who doesn't, he doesn't like to necessarily wear his
emotions on his sleeve. So where does he wear them?
In my work, where they benefit people, you know, I express
them. I wear them on the page. Whoa. And I don't know what
could be a more intimate thing to do for someone than to
build an empire. That's convenient.
You know, I have the ability to unplug my heart from
dangerous situations and I've encountered a lot and I've
survived and I think that my instincts are always right
about who to open up to and who not to. How important, Dan,
is your friendship to Schrab? Like, how much does that mean
to you? Like, not just in the past, but like present and
forward. What? Like how much? Like one to five. Like street
value? Like how like dollar value? No, like, no, describe
the importance of it. 50 grand. Oh, you didn't want the,
all right. What do you, what do you mean describe? You
describe. This is only describing me. Describe the
importance of anything. What do you mean? Wait a minute,
wait a minute. Tell us. This is really awkward. Tell me.
Pretend no one else is listening. Like, let's say Schrab
wasn't here. We weren't podcasting this. What is the
value of Schrab in your life? I don't think you have to
answer that. Schrab is a metric of, this is a good video.
Of how, what's, I don't know. It's a, it's a, it's a heartwarming
moment that I have saved on my phone of you guys. We were
editing community and I don't remember how it came up, but
you guys hadn't like actually hung out in a while
and you missed each other and you, and you guys just
had a very loving, long embrace. You hugged
in the edit bay and they have it on camera. Well, we don't hug very
often. But Dan, you're about to answer the question. You're
about to, but no, I don't know how to answer. I wasn't about to
answer it. It's a silly question. It's silly. You're about, you're
about to say something. You're about to, you're about to say
something. Well, Schrab, Schrab, I was about to say Schrab,
something like that will, everybody will laugh at. Like
Schrab's a metric of, of my life. Like he's, he's been there
the whole time. That doesn't sound like friendship because
you're like, oh, he's been there the whole time. That sounds
like, that sounds like Andy Cap talking about his wife or
something. It's not too far off. Like, boy, boy. Well, you
bet. Oh, I don't know what his wife's name is. Was she throw
like a, let's say Schrab disappeared, went away, moved
away. Like this was, this is so close to happening for real.
Don't let's say his person, his old papery hands took over
and he just, he just, he just turned into dust and evaporated.
What would be, what would you feel is missing from your life
of Schrab just ceased to be here, your friends?
Schrab would be missing. For you, Dan. Right.
What does that mean? What, what, what, what, what, what would
that vacancy be? He'd be, it'd be the guy that, you know,
it's like, it's like your brother, you know, like, he's,
he's been there the whole time. Like, so it's like,
yeah, yeah, it'd be a bummer for sure. It'd be a bad thing.
Please stop talking. Everyone, just stop. Like, I'm not
seeking words out of your mouth. You guys are being so
Wisconsin about this. It's so. It'd be like, it'd be like if
Zeppelin lost its drums, you know? That's, that's dumb.
You guys are just being the, the, the Milwaukee, like Midwest
withholding people that you guys were raised as, but that's,
you know, I know those feelings run deeper than just that.
Well, things that run deep don't, yeah, they don't
also run shallow. I think there should be an expression, like maybe,
you know, still waters or something, but the, the, well, it's like,
like, well, what's the, what's there to, what are you going to
have a parade every day? You know, as a parade every day?
Disneyland. How, how, how deep do those routes run?
That's a fucking craft fair with a fucking
Nazi mouse being sold as earrings.
You know, friendship is, you know, somebody's there all the time.
Like, well, what about when Dino goes away or if, or you, you know, like, what,
it's, you know, what, what, what if bacon didn't exist?
I'd be happy. Well, a lot of people would be stoked if I
disappeared, but, you know, if you love bacon.
I don't. How do you feel about bacon, Rob?
I don't like it. You don't like it. Makes me sad.
Well, anyways, what, you guys are, everybody's looking at me like I'm,
you know, I've, I've been wanting to end this. I'd be too. That was, I think it was,
I think it's, you're fucking show, dude. Take control. We'll play D&D.
All right. There we go. Let's do it. Garry Shandling. Yuck.
Garry Shandling. That was awful. We only, we only got 15 minutes. Should we,
should we crack open a D&D? Yeah, let's do it.
Jesus. I just thought maybe you guys would tell each other, you love each other.
What is it? Did, I don't even tell my mom. I text my mom,
Happy Mother's Day, maybe sometimes. You know. I don't need anything.
What does I love you mean? I love yous for, for girlfriends.
And I love everybody.
I vote for GPPP. GPPP. Should we just call this
episode GPPP too? No.
With Roman numerals too. I don't like it. GPPP, the, the, the PPP, the PPP.
I don't like it. Or let's call it, let's call it, I love you GPPP.
No. The Piquel church said. The P, the P, the Piquel.
The Piquel. The Piquel. The Piquel.
Unfair. GP Piquel.
GP Piquel. I vote for, I love you GPPP. There, I said it.
You what? I, I love you GPPP. That would be the title.
Is, you know, so it'd be like a title of you not being able to tell Rob that you
love him. This, I don't love, I love you. I love
what I like. Why, why am I always, why is it, where did this legend start of me
being like emotionless? Emotionless. Like what, where did that?
I think you started it. Yeah.
Yeah. But I didn't, you used that as an excuse to win arguments and
and, and, and have like free reign to be mean to people.
But that's crazy. That's what you're saying is crazy.
Yeah. Well, it's like, like, like as an alternative, like what do you do?
Like what do you, how do you win arguments with people?
I don't, I don't, I don't do anything. Yeah, Rob loses arguments.
I'm not good at, good at anything. All right. Well, so, so you win.
Congratulations. How's that fart drink? See, that's like, when I look back on our
friendship, any time anybody bends over, reaches for anything, just adding a
fart sound to every movement. It's, it's, it's, uh, you can either
elicit like great laughter or just stop it.
Yeah. Well, the latter being me for 20 years, this fucking guy, like, like,
just every fucking meal, every goddamn bite. This is why we don't eat it.
Eat together. Like, I was like, like, well, that's why the fly two is
underrated and I take a bite and it's just like, it's just, and I'm like,
stop, okay, I get it. It's a fart sound. When I eat, like, I guess you're saying
I'm fat or whatever. Like, no, no, I'm saying your, your,
whatever you're eating is making fart noises. Yeah.
It took me a while, but I figured out it was all in good fun.
It really didn't have anything to do with the fly too.
It just, you know, I just, I thought it was funny.
I thought it was really funny how upset you got.
Yeah, I get it. You got it so upset about it, it's like
racism and, and, and people dying all over the world and
that's the thing that's going to make you.
I do not like that. I don't like it. I hate that when I put food in my mouth
and I chew on it and it makes fart noise. I don't like it.
That's, that's, that's interesting. I find it, I find, I find it amusing.
Yeah. Well, I, it's, it's like, uh, God, oh God, I'm a salacious crumb.
Dude, what is, what is this? Yeah, exactly. It's always, it's always
right under the surface. Yeah, well, it's like, I make such an easy target.
I went to Dan's house, I got the free iPad and I, and I, oh, he's so mean to me.
Like, like, like, look at it, like, like, do that Rashomon, like,
fucking imagine me. Like, I didn't listen. I was fucking, I came down. I was like,
five dollars.
At my door.
Where's my iPad?
Where's my iPad? Oh, where's my iPad?
Oh, you're coming in my house. Oh, you're coming in my house.
Dude, I didn't say anything. Do you want something to drink?
Let's just fucking go.
Oh, thank you. Oh, now he's talking. Oh, he's talking to me.
Oh, oh, he's got some problems. Oh, oh, oh, he's got problems.
Oh, oh, oh, no, my girlfriend is, is, is walking out in a bathrobe.
Ah, oh, oh, shit. Oh, oh, no, oh, no, oh, no, oh, I think you better go now.
Take your iPad. I think you better go now.
I hope you don't believe this. I, I, like, yeah, I, you know, like,
let me tell my, from his perspective, I guess I am the villain.
I'm a fucking artist.
Fucking insane. He came over. He got the iPad. You invited me.
And you, and you on the plane. I guess. Stop talking about the plane.
On the plane, he goes, well, well, why don't you buy it?
Oh, that would be really nice. That would be a good way for me to decide whether or
not I want to plunk down some money. I could see what it, you were like going,
it's really heavy though. When I, I like the, I like the small one because
when I hold it, it's not heavy, but the bigger one, it's, it's heavy.
It looks, it's heavy, but maybe, maybe for you, it won't be as heavy.
I've got two of them. So it's really not that big of a deal.
I just want to say, like, and then, and then I text them, I go,
hey, did you, could I, could I, could I try out that, that, that, that iPad pro?
Yeah, we're at the, you rust again. Come on down.
Okay, cool. I should get out of the house and go down there.
Everybody at the table goes, hi, Rob. Hi, Rob. Hi, Rob. Hi, Rob.
How you been, Rob? How you been, Rob?
Dan.
Come on, to be fair, that was a, it was a, it was a great day.
I was having a. Don't invite a person over.
And then I go, okay, it's 1130. I don't feel like drinking right now.
And I don't have my iPad, so. I'm going to leave.
Zero profit for the Schrab.margin. I guess I'll be off on my way.
I would stay there for an hour without any contact.
To work on my fucking, uh, green goblin glider.
You, I, you got my iPad and I said, before you left, I said,
do you have the right charger for it? And you're like, what?
What are you talking about? And I'm like, the charger, I don't know,
like a cube and you're like the thing that goes to the thing.
And I'm like, yeah, but like, I just want to make sure because it's an iPad pro
and it won't like, if you just use a regular thing you'd use for a phone,
it'll charge slower than it, than it uses the charge.
So you, I've come to learn that you definitely need this thing.
Like, you know what? Let me just go get one. I have a thousand of them.
I go upstairs to go find one. He comes up.
He followed you.
Yeah. I know. And I didn't have a problem with it.
I didn't have a fucking problem with it.
I, I, but I found the thing and then I showed it to you
and you're like, oh, I got a million of those.
And I'm like, okay, cool. And then you sat down and then you're hanging out.
Yeah. I didn't have a fucking problem with that either.
But it's standing there in my underwear and then you sat there
and then I was like, do you want me to get you a drink?
And you're like, oh, what, what am I a piece of shit?
A piece of shit or something?
And I'm like, no, I'm offering you a drink.
I'll get you a drink like you want to hang out.
I'm in my fucking underwear.
I don't, I don't, but I'll fucking get you a drink and we'll hang out
because you're my friend, you know, like, like, like, because I'm down to clown.
And I, and I, and I fucking like, I go, I go get the fucking ice and the drink.
I was fucking like, this is, I'm like fucking Bilbo.
I'm like, once you're in the Shire, you're fucking, you're my guest.
Like here, of course, let's sit, let's talk.
Oh, tell me about the world. Tell me about, tell me about the memo.
What's going on with the memo?
I'm like, I don't know what the memo is thinking.
Then Cody comes in and then you saw Cody and you're like, what the fuck?
Why didn't you tell me Cody was here?
I'm like, well, because it doesn't matter.
It's like, cool, like whatever.
I roll with the flow.
I like, I fucking love my friends.
I chill. I want to come over and get an iPad.
You got iPad. Hey, you sure you don't, you want to charge it, right?
I was like, from my perspective, like, all I'm doing is like,
serving and protecting and fucking.
And then Cody fucking gets too tired to talk about the memo and goes to bed.
And then after a while, I go like, I said, I said,
you characterize it as me like giving you some brush off.
I was like, it was like, I was like, like, man,
I really wish I could help you right now.
Sounds like you're sinking in quicksand, but I don't want to get my hands dirty.
I didn't say that.
I'm going to back away.
Could you throw me a branch?
What? Did you say please throw me a branch?
No, I didn't.
I didn't. You're right.
Yeah. It must be nice to be in.
It wasn't. It was like, I'm like, well, just like,
I would have put on some pants and got hung out with you if you'd said, man.
This isn't the first time you've come to the door and you're underwear
and let me in. Yeah.
Have a drink at 9 30.
Great. Sounds like a good friendship.
I was having a fine time until until I realized that you were like the whole time going.
Why is he here?
That's why he's here.
When did you realize that you said get out?
When I said, I've got I've got I had the Postmates brought fucking food over.
I ate the whole sandwich and I'm like, I'm like, I ate the sandwich.
Like it's been hours.
I'm like, I'm going to go.
I'm going to go back and be with my girlfriend now.
All right. Like, like, oh, it sounds like I but but you're my friend
and I want to be able to help you.
I wish, you know, I want and then and then also when you do the show tonight, you know,
like it's just fucking like gollum with his fucking iPad is like, I guess I'll do the show.
Doesn't sound like gollum at all.
Well, that was a terrible guy.
That guy was just like, sometimes people take this shit seriously.
You know, it's like the guy is like, you know, you ever hear him tell his stories
about his mom and you meet his mom.
She's a fucking sweetheart.
He's like, he's getting started. Yeah, my mom, my mom, my mom was like, she took my comic books
away and she said, you can't masturbate to these anymore.
And I was like, wow, what a what a crazy Midwestern bitch this sounds like.
Then you meet her and she's like, geez, I just wish my son was sane.
And you're like, yeah, you know, like, this is Schrab.
He creates myths, he creates legends.
I should have a relationship with my mom like you have.
Then I would be then I would be doing just great.
But I'm just saying you you're you're a poet.
You're an artist.
You guys should go on mom swappers.
You mom you make you make shit sound.
Oh my god.
But people buy it.
They the Reddit hates me already.
It's called Harmontown.
It might as well be called.
I have a hashtag.
Sheepie peepie and the fucking Wikipedia is calling me Cheapy Peepy.
And that was your fault, your fault.
Boo fucking who asshole really doesn't like me.
What's your nickname?
DN Harmon's your nickname.
And I'm Cheapy Peepy.
You fucking cock.
Cliff Hanger.
Thank you everybody for coming to Harmontown.
Well, you didn't really come to Harmontown.
Thank you.
You just enjoyed it somewhere.
Maybe Rob's dipping that mic drop like the English lady that he.
It's not fair.
He gets to he gets to dictate when the mic gets dipped.
The chamomile mic.
Fancy mic drop for $5 a month.
You can find out what this looks like for fuck's sake.
Steve Levy.
Rob Schwab, of course.
I'm Jeff David, your comptroller.
Spencer Critten in your game.
Oh man.
Let's give it up for Zach and Noah, Chris and Sarah and Kevin and Church.
We love you, Schrab.
And also the always down to clown, your mayor.
Easy target.
Then Harmon.
He said he's down to clown, y'all.
So I put it to you to hold it to that.
Send us some juggling balls and clown noses.
Also rainbow wigs.
Check out this Collard Brothers poop movie poop talk.
It's a poop talk poop talk.
Poop talk.
Why wasn't it called poop talk?
It should be called poop talk.
Poop talk.
I don't know.
Kiss me on Monday.
I'm Jeff Davis.
I love you all.
Drive fast and take chances.
See y'all.
Kiss me on Monday.
Zach put a beat on before you get beat on.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.